Update migration guide about the Toolbar selector (#15501)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/extension/extension_migration.rst

> 

Reviewer: The links above do not render properly, seems the syntax is wrong?

![image](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/assets/5832902/da47e7d6-9ba8-46f4-b3f3-a343939d50c6)

Author: Thanks @krassowski, I updated it

See https://github.com/jupyterlab/team-compass/issues/143 for more context on the change.

- Changes the selectors of the ``Toolbar`` and ``ToolbarButtonComponent``.

  - The DOM of ``Toolbar`` is now a ``jp-toolbar`` component instead of a ``div``.

>   - The DOM of ``ToolbarButtonComponent`` are now ``jp-button`` elements instead of ``button``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The DOM of ``ToolbarButtonComponent`` is now ``jp-button`` element instead of a ``button``.
```

    This must be taken into account since the button itself is in the shadow DOM of the ``jp-button`` component,
    and cannot be accessed as a child of the toolbar component.

  - The icon in the ``ToolbarButtonComponent`` is a direct child of the ``jp-button`` component.

    The icon was previously encapsulated in a span with the class ``.jp-ToolbarButtonComponent-icon``.

>     Accessing that icon to change its properties require now something like ``jp-button > svg``.

Reviewer: What should we do about https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/15511?
